PMM-13796 - 3.1.0 Release notes content for Version service (#389)
Percona-Lab/percona-version-service: sources/release-notes/pmm/3.1.0.md

### Enhanced MongoDB monitoring

> We've improved MongoDB monitoring with detailed query metrics, better dashboard visualization, and new capabilities to quickly identify performance bottlenecks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're releasing improved MongoDB monitoring with detailed query metrics, better dashboard visualization, and new capabilities to quickly identify performance bottlenecks.
```
